Certain exemptions to our restrictions on use are made for priority research at the ACM. One such area is the emerging field of bioengineering.\footnote{The
so-called Jared Bushner problem of enabling unlimited intergenerational wealth, status, and ORCID ID transfer in a society that 
is a meritocracy---that is, a kleptocracy with really good PR.}

The Assembly of Consultants for Madison Ave. has found that consumers have been engaging with ads in a very half-hearted way. Our researchers were using terminology like ``impressions" or ``exposures,"
as if an interaction with an ad were a mere interaction with a parking lot flasher, easily forgotten (in the mind of the flasher). Such terminology fails to 
capture the liberatory synergy of consumer-brand engagement.\footnote{The ACM once prioritized research into computational models of interaction with brands,
of human interaction with brands. Unfortunately, this research was scuttled after researchers discovered that engagement is 
undecidable. It appears that the interaction between person and brand is, like Post's Correspondence Problem, too synergistic.
Thus, either certain people and brands will never interact, or the Extended Church-Turing thesis is violated. This is why there
are no ads in the executive quarters of the ACM.} And it encourages consumers to neglect ads---to refuse to engage with them in a
serious, heartfelt way.(snotty Cynthia Ozick quote about reading)

To combat (apathy/insufficient committment to engagement/treason), the ACM has been seeking ways to make ads stick into consumers'
minds, to make a splash. For instance, just last year the ACM launched a native ad campaign whereby ACM Cola will dump you in 
front of the whole eighth grade. The ACM wants to go bigger and is putting a lot of resources into advertising technology.

After conquering \emph{Nature}, the ACM is seeking to conquer nature. Beginning several decades ago, the ACM began paying
nature to conform to its wishes. Birds of several species including the red-breasted goon and the (mob name nuthatch)
were paid to trace out the names of ACM products and fly in formations that constellate 
into the logos of ACM brands. People who gave birth to corporate logos received free products from the associated brand. Inspired
by the birth of Satan (the original brand ambassador and current mascot of ACM Lil' Devil Snack Cakes) in the film \emph{Rosemary's
Baby}, the ACM offered anyone willing to give birth to the mascot of ACM Burger Town\footnote{Namely, the combined hamburger
thief and king, who wears a prisoner's outfit and sports a crown, an honest illegitimate ruler who makes the official
Currency Partner of ACM, Burger Town, valuable by demanding the \emph{dizaine} tax payment of ten burgers per day.} two free
hamburgers. Evolution has no direction, but money talks.\footnote{The president of the ACM was bribed with so-called ``alien
bucks," which is of little interest to Earthlings as no Earth-bound tax collector goes near the stuff, by ostensible aliens
or perhaps a lizard who stayed at an ACM Inn Express last night or a couple of guys who watch a lot of the ACM History Network.
The president didn't even get in exchange for the bribe a promise of peace or clemency. As a result, ACM researchers are not
allowed to look into cat parasites too closely and are told that the intended target is not humans.}

However, the ACM has discovered that there are limits to this approach. Inspired by the prior work of the lancet river fluke
\cite{fluke}, the ACM began paying parasites to hijack your brain and encourage consumption of ACM Bleach.
To ensure mass adoption of this ad vector, the ACM purchased billboards throughout the world that said 
\textsc{This Year, Give (Her) Untreated Water}. Unfortunately, this ad campaign depressed sales more than the
parasites increased sales, so the campaign was scrapped.

It is the hope of the ACM that bioengineers, taking cues from the success of the ``Bud-Wei-Ser" gene drive frogs,
develop a parasite that will help the ACM develop better ads or at least get their ads to be read charitably by the public.

---
@misc{fluke,
   title = {Lancet River Fluke},
   author = {Endemic to (region)}
}
interested in trying (antidepressants)? not a study!
importuned excrescence jocose lumbago mortification deaved me
hallucinogentrification

It took scientists many hours (and many tabs of ACM Hallucinogen) to learn that nothing that exists is paradoxical (except snakes). Paradoxes exist
not in reality but in our stories about reality, which I guess are part of reality, but they like to pretend otherwise and
don't count. Long story. Paradoxes are a failure of language, associated with a tension, a striving to give a name to not that which cannot exist but rather 
that which trips the tongue and baffles that tiny part of the brain that is hung up on reality `satisfying
certain sense-making circuits in human brains' or `obeying rules' or `existing.' It is this key recognition, combined with the power of positive thinking,
that enables time travel. So long as we discipline our tongues and abstain from humblebragging on that blue-and-white 
social network that looks like a hospital website or in the pages of \emph{(Physics Journal)}, we may do as we wish.
Taking care not to introduce fallacy into a story---accidentally making small talk about the weather of the future, asking a stranger for the time then pointing 
and laughing, so forth---we are free to travel through time, in much the same way that we are free to let our children die of preventable illnesses
and we are free for the taking by the One Percent. It is this caution in service of freedom that urges us to suggest that here we enter not narrative time
but instead narrative importance. We can be a little (less cautious) when discussing narrative importance, as importance travel is widely regarded as non-paradoxical:
just look at Balloon Boy.




\footnote{The president of the ACM was bribed with so-called ``alien
bucks," which is of little interest to Earthlings as no Earth-bound tax collector goes near the stuff, by ostensible aliens
or perhaps a lizard who stayed at an ACM Inn Express last night or a couple of guys who watch a lot of the ACM History Network.
The president didn't even get in exchange for the bribe a promise of peace or clemency. That's not how bribes work; one typically
gives in exchange for money, rather than receives. Instead, the president obeyed the alien orders and permitted a preliminary study
on what was ostensibly a basic investigation into human physiology---a probing of tissues, organ systems, entire 
individuals to provoke not just mumblings of discomfort but testimony that there is no magic here, to extract from the machine not just measurements and data
but an assurance that all is understandable, rational, an acknowledgement from humans that the aliens may know themselves the better.

As the humans turn the mechanical mills of the work dungeons, they are occasionally extracted and taken to a torture closet, 
full of mazes and instruments


work dungeon torture table
the limits of human obedience and 

provoking tropisms
hey, that's not cool, man

 The aliens also stipulated that ACM researchers refrain from looking too closely into the REAL intended target of parasites found in 
domesticated cats.}



*paytheon 
*religion
*we will know we must know



He's not very bright but he's tall, dark, I need my glasses.
P!=NP appeared in People
tall dark willing to testify as an alibi good at describing other people in checklist form
some dietary restrictions apply
EULA plastic bag single-use
proofs of purchase (but don't tell you ahead of time what products you need to buy)

ACM: scientists who work on reproducing class privilege perfectly while calling it meritocratic (meritocracy is kleptocracy with good PR) -- the so-called Jared Kushner problem
PR so good one can speak the plain truth w/o fear of causing ill discipline in the factories because nobody will internalize the truth. 
a
